Dear FreedomSponsor user.

We're sending out this email to let you know about the latest changes and improvements we made to the FreedomSponsors platform. Some you may have noticed already.

1) FreedomSponsors is now open source.
The code is on Github --> http://github.com/freedomsponsors
We believe that this move sends the right message to the open source community, and maybe we can even get some collaboration from developers everywhere.
Please feel free to browse the code and the issue tracker.
Collaboration is very welcome!

2) FS now has a JIRA plugin that adds a "Sponsor this issue" link to the issue view (also, on Github).
It is a great honor to us that the Jenkins project is the first one to try it.
See it in action here --> https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-13000
If by any chace you are part of an JIRA-enabled open source project, please feel free to use it.

3) There are more ways to sign-in besides GMail. You can also connect other social accounts to your current account.
If you do that, please do it from your profile page, an *not* from the login page - otherwise you'll create a second FS account. Also, linked accounts for Twitter, Github and Facebook will show as a link to your public profile.

4) If you signed up before we changed the "about page" (the one with the slideshows) please note that we remade that (thanks God ^_^). Actually the new about page is part of the FS blog.
Please visit --> http://blog.freedomsponsors.org
Now that's an about page you can share with your friends without having to feel embarassed by it :-)

5) Issues and offer comments now support markdown formatting.

6) There's now a minimum offer limit: US$ 5.00

Among other minor improvements and bugfixes.
There's a lot of other ideas that we will implement, here's two, just so you know:

1) Add an opt-in service for Github repository owners, similar to the JIRA plugin.
FS will be able to add comments to newly created issues with a "Sponsor this issue" link.

2) The "suggest sponsorship" button - you'll be able to suggest that someone else (for example, your boss) sponsor a given issue.

We're very excited with the future ahead of us, and we just wanted to share that with you. :-)


